#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with python 3.9
# To update, run:
#
#    pip-compile --output-file=requirements.txt requirements-dev.in requirements.in
#
asgiref==3.5.0
    # via django
async-generator==1.10
    # via
    #   trio
    #   trio-websocket
attrs==21.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   hypothesis
    #   outcome
    #   pytest
    #   trio
backcall==0.2.0
    # via ipython
bcrypt==3.2.0
    # via paramiko
beautifulsoup4==4.8.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.in
    #   webtest
bleach==3.3.1
    # via wiki
boto3==1.21.24
    # via -r requirements.in
botocore==1.24.24
    # via
    #   boto3
    #   s3transfer
certifi==2021.10.8
    # via
    #   requests
    #   sentry-sdk
    #   urllib3
cffi==1.15.0
    # via
    #   bcrypt
    #   cryptography
    #   pynacl
charset-normalizer==2.0.12
    # via requests
click==8.0.4
    # via
    #   pip-tools
    #   typer
colorama==0.4.5
    # via typer
concurrent-log-handler==0.9.20
    # via -r requirements.in
coverage==6.3.2
    # via
    #   pandas-highcharts
    #   pytest-cov
cryptography==36.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   paramiko
    #   pyopenssl
    #   urllib3
cssselect==1.1.0
    # via pyquery
datedelta==1.4
    # via -r requirements.in
decorator==5.1.1
    # via ipython
django==4.0.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-appconf
    #   django-classy-tags
    #   django-colorful
    #   django-debug-toolbar
    #   django-decorator-include
    #   django-functest
    #   django-js-asset
    #   django-mailer
    #   django-nyt
    #   django-paypal
    #   django-plainpasswordhasher
    #   django-ranged-response
    #   django-sekizai
    #   django-simple-captcha
    #   django-urlconfchecks
    #   jsonfield
    #   pwned-passwords-django
    #   wiki
django-appconf==1.0.5
    # via django-compressor
django-classy-tags==3.0.1
    # via django-sekizai
django-colorful==1.3
    # via -r requirements.in
django-compressor==3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-libsass
django-countries==7.3.2
    # via -r requirements.in
django-debug-toolbar==3.5
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
django-decorator-include==3.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-functest==1.3
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
django-js-asset==2.0.0
    # via django-mptt
django-libsass==0.9
    # via -r requirements.in
django-mailer==2.2
    # via -r requirements.in
django-mptt==0.13.4
    # via wiki
django-nyt==1.2.2
    # via wiki
django-paypal==2.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-plainpasswordhasher==0.3
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
django-ranged-response==0.2.0
    # via django-simple-captcha
django-sekizai==3.0.1
    # via wiki
django-simple-captcha==0.5.17
    # via -r requirements.in
django-spurl==0.6.8
    # via -r requirements.in
django-urlconfchecks==0.7.1
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
django-webtest==1.9.10
    # via django-functest
execnet==1.9.0
    # via pytest-xdist
ezodf2==0.2.10
    # via -r requirements.in
fabric3==1.14.post1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   fabtools3
fabtools3==0.19.0
    # via -r requirements.in
flake8==3.8.4
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
frozendict==2.3.0
    # via -r requirements.in
furl==2.1.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-functest
h11==0.13.0
    # via wsproto
hypothesis==6.3.3
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
idna==3.3
    # via
    #   requests
    #   trio
    #   urllib3
iniconfig==1.1.1
    # via pytest
ipython==7.30.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.in
    #   pandas-highcharts
isort==5.6.4
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
jedi==0.18.1
    # via ipython
jmespath==1.0.0
    # via
    #   boto3
    #   botocore
jsonfield==3.1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
libsass==0.21.0
    # via django-libsass
lockfile==0.12.2
    # via django-mailer
lxml==4.6.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.in
    #   ezodf2
    #   pyquery
markdown==3.2.2
    # via wiki
matplotlib-inline==0.1.3
    # via ipython
mccabe==0.6.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.in
    #   flake8
numpy==1.22.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pandas
orderedmultidict==1.0.1
    # via furl
outcome==1.1.0
    # via trio
packaging==21.3
    # via
    #   bleach
    #   pytest
pandas==1.4.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pandas-highcharts
pandas-highcharts==0.5.2
    # via -r requirements.in
paramiko==2.10.3
    # via fabric3
parso==0.8.3
    # via jedi
parsy==1.4.0
    # via -r requirements.in
pep517==0.12.0
    # via pip-tools
pexpect==4.8.0
    # via ipython
pickleshare==0.7.5
    # via ipython
pillow==9.0.1
    # via
    #   django-simple-captcha
    #   wiki
pip-tools==6.5.1
    # via -r requirements.in
pluggy==0.13.1
    # via pytest
portalocker==2.4.0
    # via concurrent-log-handler
prompt-toolkit==3.0.28
    # via ipython
psutil==5.9.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pytest-xdist
psycopg2-binary==2.9.3
    # via -r requirements.in
ptyprocess==0.7.0
    # via pexpect
pwned-passwords-django==1.5
    # via -r requirements.in
py==1.11.0
    # via
    #   pytest
    #   pytest-forked
pycodestyle==2.6.0
    # via flake8
pycparser==2.21
    # via cffi
pydantic==1.9
    # via -r requirements.in
pyflakes==2.2.0
    # via flake8
pygments==2.11.2
    # via ipython
pynacl==1.5.0
    # via paramiko
pyopenssl==22.0.0
    # via urllib3
pyparsing==3.0.7
    # via packaging
pyquery==1.4.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.in
    #   django-functest
pytest==6.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.in
    #   pytest-cov
    #   pytest-django
    #   pytest-forked
    #   pytest-xdist
pytest-cov==2.10.1
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
pytest-django==4.1.0
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
pytest-forked==1.4.0
    # via pytest-xdist
pytest-xdist[psutil]==2.1.0
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   botocore
    #   pandas
    #   time-machine
python-memcached==1.59
    # via -r requirements.in
pytz==2022.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-paypal
    #   pandas
pywatchman==1.4.1
    # via -r requirements.in
pyyaml==6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   vcrpy
rcssmin==1.1.0
    # via django-compressor
requests==2.27.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-paypal
    #   pwned-passwords-django
rjsmin==1.2.0
    # via django-compressor
s3transfer==0.5.2
    # via boto3
selenium==4.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.in
    #   django-functest
sentry-sdk==1.5.8
    # via -r requirements.in
shellingham==1.5.0
    # via typer
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   bcrypt
    #   bleach
    #   django-mailer
    #   django-spurl
    #   fabric3
    #   furl
    #   libsass
    #   orderedmultidict
    #   paramiko
    #   python-dateutil
    #   python-memcached
    #   vcrpy
sniffio==1.2.0
    # via trio
sorl-thumbnail==12.8.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   wiki
sortedcontainers==2.4.0
    # via
    #   hypothesis
    #   trio
soupsieve==2.3.1
    # via beautifulsoup4
sqlparse==0.4.2
    # via
    #   django
    #   django-debug-toolbar
time-machine==2.1.0
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
toml==0.10.2
    # via pytest
tomli==2.0.1
    # via pep517
traitlets==5.1.1
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   matplotlib-inline
trio==0.20.0
    # via
    #   selenium
    #   trio-websocket
trio-websocket==0.9.2
    # via selenium
typer[all]==0.4.2
    # via django-urlconfchecks
typing-extensions==4.1.1
    # via
    #   django-countries
    #   pydantic
urllib3[secure]==1.26.9
    # via
    #   botocore
    #   requests
    #   selenium
    #   sentry-sdk
urlobject==2.4.3
    # via django-spurl
uwsgi==2.0.20
    # via -r requirements.in
vcrpy==1.10.2
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
waitress==2.1.1
    # via webtest
wcwidth==0.2.5
    # via prompt-toolkit
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via bleach
webob==1.8.7
    # via webtest
webtest==3.0.0
    # via
    #   django-functest
    #   django-webtest
wheel==0.37.1
    # via pip-tools
wiki==0.8
    # via -r requirements.in
wrapt==1.14.0
    # via vcrpy
wsproto==1.1.0
    # via trio-websocket
xlrd==2.0.1
    # via -r requirements.in
xlwt==1.3.0
    # via -r requirements.in

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# pip
# setuptools
